I drank too much last night
Don't argue with a drunk man
Drunk truth
My ancestors can't afford me
So how should I punish you?
Mr. Chen
You don't care about a little yellow-haired girl
Right? Sorry.
I'm so stingy.
It tastes good.
But I really didn't expect it.
I'm so worthless in your heart
You really don't understand, don't you understand?
Know what don't you know
Why are you in my company?
Why is it in my house?
Every time you are in danger
Why am I by your side?
You honestly have no idea?
Well, wasn't it because of a chance encounter?
You are really stupid
Oh master, are you stupid?
He's following you.
Think about it. They can look at other people's stocks.
And Chen Xunnan, he is a businessperson
Merchant Gravity, he is afraid that you will run away
Is that really the case?
Did he really see it?
I have a lucky cat in my body
Want to imprison me
You got someone to follow me?
Mr. Chen, what you are doing is wrong.
I have signed a 5-year contract with you
Are you still afraid that I will run away?
I thought you were really nice to me
I didn't expect it to be for the money
For money? What for money?
You get someone to follow me and leave me
Isn't it for the money?
I will keep you for the money
See for yourself
Where do you look like you're rich?
Uh, I, uh
Hey, I wanted to forget you
Who knew you had to hit the gun
Then I'll show you what kind of person I am